-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.AllModelTestSuite
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 35, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 3, Time elapsed: 18.292 s - in com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.AllModelTestSuite
testIsEqualTo(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.AboutParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 s
testCalcHashCode(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.AboutParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testGetVersion(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.AboutParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testGetDescription(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.AboutParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testConstructorExc1(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.AbstractExecutionParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 s
testConstructorExc2(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.AbstractExecutionParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 s
testHashCodeEquals(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.AbstractExecutionParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testConstructor(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.AbstractExecutionParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testConstructorAndGetters(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.ExecutionParametersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 s
testHashCode(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.ExecutionParametersTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testEquals(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.ExecutionParametersTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
test(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.UserCredentialsResolverTest)  Time elapsed: 0.076 s
testIsEqualTo(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.UserParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 s
testGetUserCredentialsFilePath(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.UserParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testGetUserIdFromCredentialsFile(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.UserParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.02 s
testCalcHashCode(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.UserParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testGetUserDecryptionKeyFilePath(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.UserParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testGetUserDecryptionKeyFile(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.UserParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 s
testGetUserPasswordFromCredentialsFile(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.UserParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testGetUserId(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.UserParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testGetUserPassword(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.UserParameterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 s
testExceptionWhenEncrypting(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest) skipped
testFilesAreAlreadyExisting(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest)  Time elapsed: 1.925 s
testFilesAreNewlyCreated(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest)  Time elapsed: 2.308 s
testFilesAreNewlyCreatedUsingEnterButton(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest)  Time elapsed: 2.455 s
testFolderIsSetInDialog(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.696 s
testFolderSelection(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest) skipped
testMandatoryFieldsNotGiven1(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest)  Time elapsed: 1.511 s
testMandatoryFieldsNotGiven2(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest)  Time elapsed: 1.504 s
testMandatoryFieldsNotGiven3(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest)  Time elapsed: 1.501 s
testMandatoryFieldsNotGiven4(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest)  Time elapsed: 1.504 s
testMandatoryFieldsNotGiven5(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest)  Time elapsed: 1.518 s
testMandatoryFieldsNotGiven6(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest)  Time elapsed: 1.5 s
testMandatoryFieldsNotGiven7(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest)  Time elapsed: 1.507 s
testResetButton(com.bosch.rtc.ecl.client.eva.errata.ui.tests.LoginCredentialsReaderTest) skipped
